index.md, before:

# American Society of Human Genetics 2020

# Samoan Obesity, Lifestyle and Genetic Adaptations Study Group (OLaGA)

[https://publichealth.yale.edu/olaga/](https://publichealth.yale.edu/olaga/)

[OLaGA Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/YaleOlaga/)

[Selected Publications from our group](https://danieleweeks.github.io/OLaGA-ASHG2020/pubs)

---

## Poster 2534

**Samoan genome-wide association studies identify novel associations with blood pressure phenotypes**

[Link to ASHG abstract](https://www.abstractsonline.com/pp8/#!/9070/presentation/3592)

Contact: Jenna Carlson via [Twitter](https://twitter.com/jenccarlson) @jenccarlson  #OLaGA #ASHG2020

---

## Poster 2682

**Genome-wide association study of height in Samoan individuals**

[Link to ASHG abstract](https://www.abstractsonline.com/pp8/index.html#!/9070/presentation/2148)

Contact: Ryan Minster via [Twitter](https://twitter.com/pittjryan) @pittjryan #OLaGA #ASHG2020
 
---

## Poster 3700

**Genome-wide association study of high vs low risk of polycystic ovarian syndrome in Samoan women**

[Link to ASHG abstract](https://www.abstractsonline.com/pp8/index.html#!/9070/presentation/3066)

Contact: Zeynep Erdogan-Yildirim via [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ZeynepEYildirim) @ZeynepEYildirim #OLaGA #ASHG2020
 
---

## Poster 3845

**Genome-wide association study of telomere length in individuals of Samoan ancestry**

[Link to ASHG abstract](https://www.abstractsonline.com/pp8/index.html#!/9070/presentation/3213)

Contact: Mohanraj Krishnan via [Twitter](https://twitter.com/MKrishnan) @MKrishnan #OLaGA #ASHG2020
 
---

## Poster 3961

**The missense variant, rs373863828, in CREBRF plays a role in longitudinal changes in BMI across adulthood**

[Link to ASHG abstract](https://www.abstractsonline.com/pp8/index.html#!/9070/presentation/3250)

Contact: Haoyi Fu via [Twitter](https://twitter.com/HaoyiFu) @HaoyiFu #OLaGA #ASHG2020
 
---

## Poster 3772

**Association of a missense variant in CREBRF with type 2 diabetes and fasting glucose in a longitudinal Samoan cohort**

[Link to ASHG abstract](https://www.abstractsonline.com/pp8/index.html#!/9070/presentation/3220)

Contact: Emily Russell via [Twitter](https://twitter.com/EmilyMRussell) @EmilyMRussell #OLaGA #ASHG2020
  
---

Commit message:

Added olaga@pitt.edu address

index.md, after:

# American Society of Human Genetics 2020

# Samoan Obesity, Lifestyle and Genetic Adaptations Study Group (OLaGA)

[https://publichealth.yale.edu/olaga/](https://publichealth.yale.edu/olaga/)

[OLaGA Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/YaleOlaga/)

[Selected Publications from our group](https://danieleweeks.github.io/OLaGA-ASHG2020/pubs)

For more information about our team, our research and our community engagement, you are welcome to contact us at olaga@pitt.edu.

---

## Poster 2534

**Samoan genome-wide association studies identify novel associations with blood pressure phenotypes**

[Link to ASHG abstract](https://www.abstractsonline.com/pp8/#!/9070/presentation/3592)

Contact: Jenna Carlson via [Twitter](https://twitter.com/jenccarlson) @jenccarlson  #OLaGA #ASHG2020

---

## Poster 2682

**Genome-wide association study of height in Samoan individuals**

[Link to ASHG abstract](https://www.abstractsonline.com/pp8/index.html#!/9070/presentation/2148)

Contact: Ryan Minster via [Twitter](https://twitter.com/pittjryan) @pittjryan #OLaGA #ASHG2020
 
---

## Poster 3700

**Genome-wide association study of high vs low risk of polycystic ovarian syndrome in Samoan women**

[Link to ASHG abstract](https://www.abstractsonline.com/pp8/index.html#!/9070/presentation/3066)

Contact: Zeynep Erdogan-Yildirim via [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ZeynepEYildirim) @ZeynepEYildirim #OLaGA #ASHG2020
 
---

## Poster 3845

**Genome-wide association study of telomere length in individuals of Samoan ancestry**

[Link to ASHG abstract](https://www.abstractsonline.com/pp8/index.html#!/9070/presentation/3213)

Contact: Mohanraj Krishnan via [Twitter](https://twitter.com/MKrishnan) @MKrishnan #OLaGA #ASHG2020
 
---

## Poster 3961

**The missense variant, rs373863828, in CREBRF plays a role in longitudinal changes in BMI across adulthood**

[Link to ASHG abstract](https://www.abstractsonline.com/pp8/index.html#!/9070/presentation/3250)

Contact: Haoyi Fu via [Twitter](https://twitter.com/HaoyiFu) @HaoyiFu #OLaGA #ASHG2020
 
---

## Poster 3772

**Association of a missense variant in CREBRF with type 2 diabetes and fasting glucose in a longitudinal Samoan cohort**

[Link to ASHG abstract](https://www.abstractsonline.com/pp8/index.html#!/9070/presentation/3220)

Contact: Emily Russell via [Twitter](https://twitter.com/EmilyMRussell) @EmilyMRussell #OLaGA #ASHG2020
  
---
